Update NAT information (#3094)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/People/The_Team/Nomination_Assessment_Team/en.md

# Nomination Assessment Team

> The **Nomination Assessment Team** (**NAT**) are the moderators of the [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators) (BN) and ensure the beatmapping side of osu! is functional.

Reviewer: keep the italics on any first mentions of initialisms, I think it represents something like "we'll be referring to it as \_\_\_"

> The **Nomination Assessment Team** (**NAT**) are the moderators of the [Beatmap Nominators](/wiki/People/Beatmap_Nominators) (BN) and ensure the beatmapping side of osu! is functional.

Reviewer: maybe "stays" instead of "is" for last part?

> Members of the NAT are distinguished by their red username and user title. Like the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/People/Global_Moderation_Team) (GMT), they also have site-wide moderation permissions and a dark red username in the game's chat channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Members of the NAT are distinguished by their red username and user title. Like the [Global Moderation Team](/wiki/People/Global_Moderation_Team) (GMT), they have site-wide moderation permissions and a dark red username in the game's chat channels.
```

## Responsibilities

The NAT are responsible for a variety of mapping-related tasks that can be separated into four subcategories:

>  - **Evaluation:** Reviewing BN applications and evaluating proficiency of current Beatmap Nominators. Most members of the NAT are solely responsible for contributing to this subcategory.

Reviewer: "core" is an odd term to use if you don't explain it before this

>  - **Evaluation:** Reviewing BN applications and evaluating proficiency of current Beatmap Nominators. Most members of the NAT are solely responsible for contributing to this subcategory.

Reviewer: "Evaluating the Beatmap Nominators and its applications" -- doesn't sound great, because BNs refers to the people in the group, but then "it" refers to the group

>  - **Evaluation:** Reviewing BN applications and evaluating proficiency of current Beatmap Nominators. Most members of the NAT are solely responsible for contributing to this subcategory.

Reviewer 2: I haven't looked over the rest of the stuff, but considering these are all **cores** we're explaining here, it seems very odd not to explain (or at least link to a page that explains) what a core is. Hint: They are not responsibilities, not sure why the subtitle makes them seem like that; the people listed under each core solely _contribute_ to it, they are not responsible for all encompassing tasks. Seems misleading, should probably sort that out @pishifat .

As for the other thing, the group is called "the Beatmap Nominators" so "it" is referring to the group. In the past we used the term "the Beatmap Nomination Group" (which was arguably less confusing in situations like these) but it was later changed to what it is now.

>  - **Evaluation:** Reviewing BN applications and evaluating proficiency of current Beatmap Nominators. Most members of the NAT are solely responsible for contributing to this subcategory.

Reviewer: sentence uses it twice in different ways. it's fine to refer to it as either, but not both at the same time if you can avoid it

>  - **Evaluation:** Reviewing BN applications and evaluating proficiency of current Beatmap Nominators. Most members of the NAT are solely responsible for contributing to this subcategory.

Reviewer 2: oh true, missed that part, reworded

>  - **Evaluation:** Reviewing BN applications and evaluating proficiency of current Beatmap Nominators. Most members of the NAT are solely responsible for contributing to this subcategory.

Author: applied but used "subcategory" instead of "core" since core doesnt have the same inherent meaning

>  - **Evaluation:** Reviewing BN applications and evaluating proficiency of current Beatmap Nominators. Most members of the NAT are solely responsible for contributing to this subcategory.

Reviewer: need to fix Moderation in that case

 - **Structural:** Ranking Criteria amendments, maintenance of mapping-related community tools, and documentation
 - **Moderation:** User reports and assessing inappropriate behavior/content. This subcategory is a joint effort between the NAT and the GMT.

>  - **Communication:** Promoting transparency between beatmappers and the NAT.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 - **Communication:** Promoting transparency between the NAT and the mapping/modding community, including the creation and hosting of meetings.
```

Members of the NAT primarily contributing to the evaluation subcategory are also responsible for modding at least 3 beatmaps per month. This guarantees the NAT are up to date with the modding community when evaluating Beatmap Nominators. 

> Members who fail to meet modding activity requirements will be given a warning. If their activity does not improve within the next month, they will be removed from the NAT. Members of the NAT working on other mapping-related projects may be exempt from modding requirements on a case-by-case basis.

Reviewer: combine with prev paragraph if it's still related to the evaluation ppl
